NAME
    Dist::Zilla::Plugin::AssertOS - Require that our distribution is running
    on a particular OS

SYNOPSIS
      # In dist.ini - It is important that AssertOS follows MakeMaker

      [MakeMaker]

      [AssertOS]
      os = Linux
      os = FreeBSD
      os = cygwin

    The resultant distribution will die at "Makefile.PL" unless the platform
    the code is running on is Linux, FreeBSD or Cygwin.

DESCRIPTION
    Dist::Zilla::Plugin::AssertOS is a Dist::Zilla plugin that integrates
    Devel::AssertOS so that CPAN authors may easily stipulate which
    particular OS environments their distributions may be built and
    installed on.

    The author specifies which OS or OS families are supported. The
    necessary Devel::AssertOS files are copied to the "inc/" directory and
    "Makefile.PL" is mungled to include the necessary incantation.

    On the module user side, the bundled "inc/" Devel::AssertOS determines
    whether the current environment is supported or not and will die
    accordingly.

    As this plugin mungles the "Makefile.PL" it is imperative that it is
    specified in "dist.ini" AFTER "[MakeMaker]".

    This plugin also automagically adds the "no_index" metadata so that
    "inc/" is excluded from PAUSE indexing. If you use
    Dist::Zilla::Plugin::MetaNoIndex, there may be conflicts.

  ATTRIBUTES
    "os"
        Specify as many times as wanted the OS that you wish your
        distribution to work with. See Devel::AssertOS and Devel::CheckOS
        for what may be given.

  METHODS
    These are required by the roles that this plugin uses.

    "mvp_multivalue_args"
    "gather_files"
        Required by Dist::Zilla::Role::FileGatherer.

    "setup_installer"
        Required by Dist::Zilla::Role::InstallTool.

    "metadata"
        Required by Dist::Zilla::Role::MetaProvider.

AUTHOR
    Chris "BinGOs" Williams

    Based on use-devel-assertos by David Cantrell

KUDOS
    Thanks to Ricardo Signes, not only for Dist::Zilla, but for explaining
    Dist::Zilla::Role::InstallTool's place in the build process. This made
    this plugin possible.

LICENSE
    Copyright © Chris Williams and David Cantrell

    This module may be used, modified, and distributed under the same terms
    as Perl itself. Please see the license that came with your Perl
    distribution for details.

SEE ALSO
    Dist::Zilla

    Devel::AssertOS

    Devel::CheckOS

